docs(api): add the `forwardPreviewErrors` option (#83)
stackblitz/webcontainer-docs: docs/api.md

This is mostly a "cosmetic" option.

#### `forwardPreviewErrors?: boolean | 'exceptions-only'`

Configure whether errors occurring in embedded preview iframes should be forwarded to the parent page. Captured errors originate from:

 - Calls to `console.error`
 - Any `unhandledrejection` events on `window`
 - Any uncaught `error` events on `window`

> If set to `'exceptions-only'`, `console.error`s are not forwarded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set to `exceptions-only`, `console.error`s are not forwarded.
```

Default value is `false`, so no errors are emitted.

To receive the events, you register an event handler like this:

```js
import { isPreviewMessage } from '@webcontainer/api';

window.addEventListener('message', (event) => {
  const data = event.data;

  if (!isPreviewMessage(data)) {
    return;
  }

>   // process the data received from a preview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // process the data received from the preview
```

Author: Actually I think `a` is better because events can come from any preview, there isn't necessarily only one (in TutorialKit for instance you can have more than one preview).

Reviewer: Oh, I suggested `the` cause you add the event listener on a specific `window`. Is that `window` the preview iframe? I am a tad confused 😂

Author: Ah no worries! No it's not the preview iframe, it's the global `window` object defined in the user's page where they import the `@webcontainer/api` package.

Reviewer: Yea then `a` makes sense.
